[Home](/index.html) | [Updates](/updates/index.html) | [About](/about/index.html)

----

# Weeknote 5
> 03 March 2023


Hello everyone!

I'm Angie from Public Digital, I started working with the team at BBC a few weeks ago. 

These are the eighth weeknotes for Embedding digital and agile collaborative leadership across the BBC. (We’ve included some context for the work at the end of the note for anyone who’s not familiar.)

# What we did

## 1. Second run of the leaders' pilot sessions, starting next Tuesday!

Our focus this week was to finish the preparation for the first pilot session with leaders and book these into people’s diaries.
We iterated session 1, reviewed the content and added more examples and some BBC-specific stories. 
We had a run-through with Emma that will be co-leading the first session. We booked these co-creation meetings for all 4 sessions, to agree on the content, format and presenting logistics.   
We sent invites for the sessions: 
- We have 6 people that will be participating in all 4 sessions
- And an additional 18 signups for the first session on Tuesday which is open to a wider audience. Use this link to share with people that might be interested!
- We also started designing the new session on the ‘radical user focus’ characteristic.

## 2. Continuing to develop the Toolkit 

- We continued to update the Toolkit as we produce more content. We created a backlog of collateral and content to be added in the next couple of weeks:
- Tools, techniques and approaches for all five characteristics covered in session 1 - this includes the hierarchy of outcomes, jobs to be done, assumptions mapping, team onion
- Updated examples, including the BBC, New York Times, Spotify, Amazon, Monzo
- Links for further reading across all five characteristics
- Tools and collateral for the radical user focus session
- Presenter and facilitator notes for sessions 1-4 for the re-run of the pilot sessions for leaders
- Guide to the feedback survey and instructions
- Materials produced for the team-focused pilots to onboard people on agile ways of working.


## 3. Teams-focused pilots

After having a series of 1:1s to understand the needs we’re trying to meet for the team's pilot sessions, we decided to focus on the Accounts team and work in close collaboration with Nayeema. 

We then identified the likely roles in a cross-functional team around the Accounts OKR, thinking about: advocates, collaborators and teammates. 

### Our plan for that is for:
Emma and Nayeema to speak to advocates and collaborators to identify teammates to work with
We'll set up 1:1s with those individuals next week to research their needs and understand the problems they're encountering
We'll then design a short series of workshops/coaching sessions to run with teammates
As part of that, we'll produce material that gets added to the onboarding toolkit.

## Other things we’ve done this week

We had our first show & tell on Tuesday and had a good reception to the work we've done. We are booking the next two shows & tells for the weeks to come. 
We caught up with ThoughtWorks to share what we’ve been working on and identify areas of overlap
Prep 20 min slot at the Design Leadership meeting on 7 March. We will share a short version of show & tell and the approach for the user-focused workshop. 
Booking wrap-up session for the end of the month. 
And finally, we met and onboarded Matt McCormack to the team. Welcome, Matt!

# What’s next
Kicking off the first Leaders pilot with a new group of leaders!
Meeting with a few advocates, collaborators and teammates to start researching their needs
Spending time with Emma and Nayeema to understand the context and team needs across BBC, and start co-creating content and workshops 
Preparing for session 2 of the Leaders' pilot
Reviewing the toolkit and getting feedback for the next iteration. 

Have a great weekend,
Stacey, Emily, Jamie, Angie, Katherine, Emma, and Clare

# Context and background

The BBC is undergoing a transformation to become a digital first organisation so it continues to provide value for its audiences while staying relevant in an increasingly on-demand world. Public Digital are supporting the BBC to embed user-centred, agile and iterative ways of working in practice.

We’re sharing our work in the open so that more people can see what we’re up to and what we are learning as we go. The BBC is a big organisation so by telling the stories about the small things we hope to bring more people together.
